Magic is a commodity in the realms of Ophelimos.

*People can gain the power of magic in a number of different ways. Some people are born with it, some research and practice it until they are capable of it, and some let their emotions control them until they overflow and eventually end up becoming pure magic. We separate these magic users (in chronological order) to [[Gold-Bloods]], [[Magicians]], and [[Quavers]].

*[[Gold-Bloods]] can be born with up to 5 separate types of magic (Fire, earth, water, etc.) depending on their species. As well depending on species, some [[Gold-Bloods]] are born completely understanding how to use their magic, some otherwise... not being as fortunate; [[Magicians]] gain magic through their own studies, meaning that they usually only get the magic that they were researching. On rare occasions though, they find magic only seen by choice gods (Referred to as [[Godly Magicka]]) by researching multiple different types of magic at the same time, and on even rarer occasions, some have been known to become as powerful as gods by gaining a type of magic never before seen. These people usually become [[Mythical Gods]] in name but sometimes a god will lend them their power to make them truly gods. [[Breve]]'s are magicians who instead of memorizing the fundamentals of magic, write them down on objects referred to as talismans and use these talismans to cast spells; [[Quavers]] can gain as many different types of magic as corresponding emotions they had overflow. Sometimes they gain just one type of magic, sometimes they gain multiple depending the emotion(s) that comes through. 

Many magic users and all [[Gold-Bloods]] are "fucking ripped"
