Creator: [[Aurum]]

An extremely powerful magic created by taking [[Space]], [[Time]], [[Anti]], [[Life]], and [[Death]] [[Note]]s, and adding them seamlessly into the [[Soulfire]] [[Octave]] 

The creation legend
 The latest myth of Aurum is his most famous, his battle against the gods. He carved a path of death through the [[Elysian Plains]] until he stood face to face with the [[Vasilias]] (I think that’s how you spell the top dog’s title), where his slaughter was ended. In a single blow [[Aurum]] was sent flying all the way into the Garden of Peaches of Immortality. Assuming he had killed the invader the [[Vasilias]] started assessing the damage, only for [[Aurum]] to come launching at him after having gorged himself on the ambrosia that is the Peaches of Immortality. Strengthened by the Peaches, Aurum was now just barely able to keep pace with the King. His magic could only barely wound them though, and those wounds would be healed immediately after. He needed something stronger. He took Notes of [[Space]] and [[Time]] to destroy both the space and time the enemy exists in to ignore durability and stop any healing, the Note of [[Anti]] to destroy the concept of their existence and any magical defenses, Notes of [[Life]] and [[Death]] to ensure the end of their life, and applied all of these unto the [[Note]] of [[Fire]], which he was most skilled with. It worked somewhat, but it wasn’t good enough. He had to combine them together, mix them more skillfully until they were just one magic. After all, no mortal magic could hurt a true god. He pushed them together until they were indistinguishable and poured them into the shape of Fire. This magic ate so much magic that any other mage would die instantly from magical exhaustion just to make a spark. It was truly, only, and uniquely his. A resplendent, aureate flame burst forth from his hand. _**Godly Magicka - The Flame that can Burn the Gods, Prometheus.**_